c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll.config
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.pdb
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.dll
c:\users\chia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.pdb
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.pdb
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.pdb
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Chia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll.config
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll.config
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.dll
D:\Project\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.pdb
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll.config
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.pdb
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.pdb
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.pdb
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.pdb
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.pdb
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.dll
E:\Projects\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.pdb
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll.config
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.pdb
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.DomainClasses.pdb
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.IocConfig.pdb
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\IdentityExample.ServiceLayer.pdb
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.dll
C:\Users\sami\Source\Repos\IdentityExample\IdentityExample\obj\Debug\IdentityExample.pdb
